Update and rename Your-Expensify-Account-Manager.md to Expensify-Supp… (#31319)
Expensify/App: docs/articles/expensify-classic/getting-started/support/Expensify-Support.md

---
title: Your Expensify Account Manager
description: Everything you need to know about Having an Expensify account manager
redirect_from: articles/other/Your-Expensify-Account-Manager/
---

<!-- The lines above are required by Jekyll to process the .md file -->

# Introduction to Expensify Support

Expensify offers comprehensive support for customers of all sizes. From small business owners to multinational corporations, Expensify's support teams are available to assist!

Expensify has four different support teams. Let's go over how each of them operates below. 

**Concierge Support:**
- Concierge is available 24/7 and is the first line of support
- Users can access Concierge through the Expensify app or via email at concierge@expensify.com
- Provides quick responses, usually within minutes

> - Don’t be your team’s tech support - refer your users to Concierge for all their Expensify product questions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Don't be your team's tech support - refer your users to Concierge for all their Expensify product questions
```

- Setup Assistant: You don't have to do it alone when setting up your Expensify account. When you're ready to begin, chat with your Setup Specialist in the #admins room. They'll ensure everything is configured correctly right from the start.

## Account Manager

If you have more than ten active users, or you're an ExpensifyApproved! Accountant's client, you're eligible for a designated Account Manager.

Once you've completed onboarding to Expensify with your Setup Specialist, your Account Manager will take over as the main point of contact. Your account manager is there to support you and other Workspace admins in reviewing your account, advising on best practices, and making changes to your Workspace on your behalf whenever you need a hand. 

They will actively monitor open technical issues and be proactive with recommendations to increase efficiency and minimize time spent on expense management.

### How to contact your Account Manager

If you are a Workspace admin or domain admin, you will hear from your Account Manager as soon as one is assigned to your company.

> Unlike Concierge, an Account Manager’s support will not be real-time, 24 hours a day. Your Account Manager will be as responsive as possible when online, but anything sent when they’re offline will not be responded to until they’re working again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike Concierge, an Account Manager's support will not be real-time, 24 hours a day. Your Account Manager will be as responsive as possible when online, but anything sent when they're offline will not be responded to until they're working again.
```

You can contact your Account Manager while logged into your Expensify account by clicking **Support** on the left-hand menu and then selecting **Account Manager**.

## Partner Manager

> A Partner Manager is a dedicated point of contact to support our ExpensifyApproved! Accountants with questions about their Expensify account. Partner Managers support our accounting partners by providing recommendations for client’s accounts, assisting with firm-wide training, and ensuring partners receive the full benefits of our partnership program. They will actively monitor open technical issues and be proactive with recommendations to increase efficiency and minimize time spent on expense management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Partner Manager is a dedicated point of contact to support our ExpensifyApproved! Accountants with questions about their Expensify account. Partner Managers support our accounting partners by providing recommendations for client's accounts, assisting with firm-wide training, and ensuring partners receive the full benefits of our partnership program. They will actively monitor open technical issues and be proactive with recommendations to increase efficiency and minimize time spent on expense management.
```

> For your firm to be assigned a Partner Manager, you must complete the [ExpensifyApproved! University]([url](https://use.expensify.com/accountants-program)) training course. Every external accountant or bookkeeper who completes the training is automatically enrolled in our program and receives benefits, including access to a Partner Manager. Everyone at your firm must complete the training to receive the maximum benefit.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For your firm to be assigned a Partner Manager, you must complete the [ExpensifyApproved! University](https://use.expensify.com/accountants-program) training course. Every external accountant or bookkeeper who completes the training is automatically enrolled in our program and receives benefits, including access to a Partner Manager. Everyone at your firm must complete the training to receive the maximum benefit.
```

Your Partner Manager should reach out to you once you've completed ExpensifyApproved! University. Otherwise, you can contact your Partner Manager anytime by clicking **Support** on the left-hand menu and then selecting **Partner Manager**.

## Tips on Contacting Expensify Support

- **Use the Right Email**: Contact us from the email address linked to your Expensify account. This helps us locate your information accurately.
- **Be Clear and Specific**: When asking questions or reporting issues, provide specific examples like affected users' email addresses or report IDs. This makes it easier for us to assist you effectively.
- **Practice Kindness**: Remember that we're here to help. Please be polite, considerate, and patient as we work together to resolve any concerns you have.

# FAQ
## Who gets an Account Manager?
Members who have 10 or more active users, or clients of ExpensifyApproved! Accounts are automatically assigned a dedicated Account Manager. 

To be assigned an Account Manager immediately, log into your Expensify account and go to **Settings > Workspaces > Group**, then click **Subscription** and increase your subscription size to 10 or more.

> ## What if I’m unable to reach my Account Manager?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What if I'm unable to reach my Account Manager?
```

> If you’re unable to reach your account manager, then you can always reach out to Concierge for assistance. Your account manager will always reply once they’re online again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're unable to reach your account manager, then you can always reach out to Concierge for assistance. Your account manager will always reply once they're online again.
```

## Can I schedule a call with my Account Manager?
Of course! You can ask your Account Manager for a call whenever you think one might be helpful. 

> What makes a successful call with an Account Manager:

Reviewer 2: to make it bold
```suggestion
**What makes a successful call with an Account Manager**:
```
